shooting range / airsoft data management application

login system with database: store new users, connect using data in database, password hashing (optional) ---> user creation done, connected with MYSQL.
user types and functions:
1. Unregistered user: ---> basic main menu view done.
can register ---> done
view top 5 players (optional)
2. registered user: ---> registered user is distinguished in the application
can participate in "shooting game" and see accuracy ---> dropped
can view own stats: accuracy from shooting game and KDA of airsoft games. ---> stat view is currently available only for checking stats of your airsoft game data.
can update their personal info (change nickname, change password, change age)
can create teams and invite other users --> To be developed
can accept team invitations and see stats of a team --> to be developed
can view top 5 players --> to be developed
3. super user: ---> super user is
all the functions of a regular user ---> regular user's functions added to the super user, but this is a work-in progress still.
can create new users on the system, even if they are not registered
can create airsoft game events --> done
can submit airsoft game data for every user ---> done

registration rules:
username must be unique ---> done
password (strict password protection rules, at least 1 capital letter and number, no less than 8 symbols [regex]) ---> done
nickname (distinguishing users, must be unique as well) ---> dropped. Username will be enough, there is no reason to distinguish users twice.
age ---> might do at some point, from now on treat it as optional.

airsoft game events will be stored on database with the following info:
participant nicknames (separate users table, separate events table will be interconnected), their score: kills, deaths, assists

player info will be stored on database with the following info:
username, accuracy in "shooting game", event participation count, kills total, death total, assist total, KDA score --->all done except, shooting game dropped.

(note to self, TOP 5 players could be filtered by various factors. KDA score, most participated events, most kills etc.) --> to be developed.

if possible look into possibility of checking if mysql tables are already created, if not,
make a class to create necessary tables to run the application correctly. --> dropped, no reason to create tables from UI.

show how many players are registered to participate in events. --> done for super user.
show event name / registration deadline time.
disallow registrations after event deadline.
add additional parameter for user (verified user).
Verified user can create teams and invite others.
Create team management menu for users and verified users.
user menu to show all teams inviting them.
verified user team menu to change team's name, invite others users.
Create events for teams only.
Create validation for users with teams to join team only events.


Transfer UI from console to web or app.